docs(hcp): add HCP organization constraints documentation (#2535)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/changelog.mdx

---

# Changelog
### 2026-05-29

> **HCP Organizations:** Enterprise constraints are now available for centralized governance and cost control. Organization administrators can restrict which HCP products (Vault, Boundary, Vault Radar, Packer, Waypoint) can be deployed within their organization, providing preventative controls that apply regardless of individual user permissions. This helps enterprises manage flexible consumption spending, meet security compliance requirements, and enforce organizational standards at scale. For more information, refer to the [enterprise constraints documentation](/hcp/docs/hcp/admin/enterprise-constraints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**HCP Organizations:** Enterprise constraints are now available for centralized governance and cost control. Organization administrators can restrict which HCP products (Vault, Boundary, Vault Radar, Packer, Waypoint) users may deploy within their organization, providing preventative controls that apply regardless of individual user permissions. This helps enterprises manage flexible consumption spending, meet security compliance requirements, and enforce organizational standards at scale. For more information, refer to the [enterprise constraints documentation](/hcp/docs/hcp/admin/enterprise-constraints).
```
